Cleaning up Python documentation typos (#3837)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/python/getting-started.md

## Example Application

The following example uses a basic [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/)

> application. If you have not used Flask before or prefer a different framework, that's OK — you can use OpenTelemetry

Reviewer: I think this changes the meaning of this sentence. It was intended to mean "if you are not a flask user (bit django, etc.) you still can follow this tutorial, or you can follow along with your preferred framework, we have it for you", this changes it "if you do not have experience with flask, that's no problem, you still can follow this tutorial, ..."

I think both meanings are justified, maybe we can tune it accordingly.

Author: Thank you Severin, 

I see what you mean. If you would like to adjust it to be closer to the first meaning that is fine with me.

One way to potentially thread both might be "If you are not a Flask user, that's OK - you can still use OpenTelemetry and you can still follow this tutorial."

Reviewer: yeah, that might be better. @open-telemetry/docs-approvers any thoughts on this?

> application. If you have not used Flask before or prefer a different framework, that's OK — you can use OpenTelemetry

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
application. If you have not used Flask before or prefer a different framework,
you can use OpenTelemetry
```

Author: Yep that works with me!

## Example Application

The following example uses a basic [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/)

> application. If you have not used Flask before or prefer a different framework,
> you can use OpenTelemetry
> Python with other web frameworks as well, such as Django and FastAPI. For a
> complete list of libraries for supported frameworks, see the

Reviewer 3: What is suggested here seems fine, but it would be nice if we could have some consistency across languages. I proposed something in https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io/pull/3877/files, which adapted here, might read like:

```suggestion
application. You can use another web framework, such as Django and FastAPI.
For a complete list of libraries and supported frameworks, see the
```

WDYT @svrnm et al.?

Reviewer: Works for me, also let's turn this in a short code soon

Reviewer: @astanley-work please take a look, click on "commit suggestion" to directly accept @chalin's suggested changes

## Send telemetry to an OpenTelemetry Collector

The [OpenTelemetry Collector](/docs/collector/getting-started/) is a critical component of most production deployments. Some examples of when it's beneficial to use a collector include:

- Creating a single telemetry sink shared by multiple services, to reduce overhead of switching exporters
- Aggregating traces across multiple services, running on multiple hosts

> - Creating a central place to process traces prior to exporting them to a backend

Reviewer: the items of that list are related to "when it's beneficial to use a collector", so I think this should be something like "if you need...", not entirely sure, cc @open-telemetry/docs-approvers

Author: Ahh I see what you are saying.

In that case, how does the following phrasing sound?

"Some examples of when it's beneficial to use a collector include when you need to:

- Create a single telemetry sink shared by multiple services, to reduce overhead of switching exporters
- Aggregate traces across multiple services, running on multiple hosts
- Process your traces in a central place prior to exporting them to a backend"

Reviewer: yes, that's better, so works for me 👍

Reviewer: @astanley-work can you apply those changes?
